docs(router): remove ion-nav from coordinated navigation outlets (#4585)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/api/router.md

<BasicExample />

## Using ion-nav within a Routed Page

> `ion-router` and [`ion-nav`](./nav.md) are separate systems. `ion-router` coordinates URL-based navigation through `ion-router-outlet`, while `ion-nav` manages a local stack that is independent of the URL. As of Ionic 9, `ion-nav` no longer integrates with `ion-router`: placing an `ion-nav` inside an `ion-router` does not turn it into a routed outlet, and pushing or popping views on an `ion-nav` never changes the URL. Refer to the [migration guide](../updating/9-0.md#nav) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ion-router` and [`ion-nav`](./nav.md) are separate systems. `ion-router` coordinates URL-based navigation through `ion-router-outlet`, while `ion-nav` manages a local stack that is independent of the URL. `ion-nav` does not integrate with `ion-router`: placing an `ion-nav` inside an `ion-router` does not turn it into a routed outlet, and pushing or popping views on an `ion-nav` never changes the URL. 
```

Since this is a new section I don't think we need to specify "as of Ionic 9" or link to the migration guide. If we want people to see it due to the change, we can link this from the migration guide.

Author: Yeah, I guess. I mostly assumed people would be coming here from the migration, but I suppose it doesn't make sense to include this in the docs here

> The two can still be composed. A routed page rendered by `ion-router-outlet` can host its own `ion-nav` for local, URL-less navigation within that page. In the example below, navigating to Details updates the URL, but stepping through the `ion-nav` inside that page does not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two can still be composed. A routed page rendered by `ion-router-outlet` can host its own `ion-nav` for local, URL-less navigation within that page. In the example below, navigating to `/details` updates the URL, but stepping through the `ion-nav` inside that page does not.
```

Can we make this more clear that we're talking about a page? Either this or `DetailsStepOne`?
